fix(rln): Remove resources folder, update missed docs (#246)
vacp2p/zerokit: rln/README.md

### Build and Test

To build and test, run the following commands within the module folder

```bash
cargo make build
cargo make test
```

### Compile ZK circuits

> The `rln` (https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/rln) repository, which contains the RLN circuit implementation is a submodule of zerokit RLN.

Reviewer: this should be changed to 
```suggestion
The `rln` (https://github.com/rate-limiting-nullifier/circom-rln) repository, which contains the RLN circuit implementation is a submodule of zerokit RLN.
```

use rln::public::*;
use std::io::Cursor;

// We set the RLN parameters:
// - the tree height;
// - the tree config, if it is not defined, the default value will be set
let tree_height = 20;
let input = Cursor::new(json!({}).to_string());

// We create a new RLN instance

> let mut rln = RLN::new(tree_height, input);

Reviewer: future pr, I don't think we need to pass in the tree height as an argument anymore, we're fixing it to 20.

Author: Should it be added as an issue in this issue?
